BTCRIT eBoard meeting
Saturday July 14th 2018
Minutes
Unofficial
Informal
Taken by Ethan, Webmaster
Sergio took official minutes, checkem out.

TL;DR
Sergio (secretary)
 - Is going to rub some magic on the DNS system
 - reserve toilet bowl for first meeting
 - Add new members to mailing list as they join the club
Ethan (Website)
 - Has lots to do and little time.
 - If ya'll send me content I'll use it.
 - SignIn via website
 - PowerPoint for first meeting
Ryan
 - Posts on Facebook, Discord
Joe
 - talk to someone about club fair lead
Hector
 - Public outreach, start decentralized interest group under sparc3
All
 - Financial certification if not done already


~~~~~ Old Business ~~~~~
Serg
- Talk to dan about AWS grant
Joe
- Attempts to speak but google hangouts is laggin' hard
- two to three months for application, still waiting on reply.
Serg
- How do we know about status
Joe
- Sorry joe can't hear your mic
- something like "have to ask him again about that"

Sergio drops the call
Sergio re-joins the call
[Google says there are two of him now lol]
Original sergio dies, only the new sergio remains

Joe keeps trying to balance his phone
it keeps falling over
Ethan laughs

Sergio opens a document

Sergio
- Yall, Do the financial cert thing. We need that to happen.

Serg edits his official report live via screenshare

Ryan
- What will we use the aws grant for?
Serg
- Projects and such, whatever we need.
Ryan
- So Cryptographic projects?
[Crowd agrees, yay!]

{Side Note from Me: It'd be hella cool if we ran some nodes as a club.}

Serg
- Cloudflare, let's talk about that
Joe
- Send email to domains.com
Serg
- Let's enable dnssec
- Proxying
- Analytics and ddos protection
- mitm the ssl

[Crowd agrees, enable proxying]
Ethan agrees relucantly.

Sergio
- I will enable proxying on cloudflare within the next 5 minutes
Ryan
- What's the issue with DNSSec
Sergio
- Domains.Com is the issue. We should move registrars to namecheap or something.
- namecheap transfer will enable dnssec instant.
Joe
- Domains.com is annoying to work with
Sergio
- $9.69 to transfer to domains.com

[Crowd agrees, transfer to namecheap]

Sergio
- I'll enable [lists many other things] on cloudflare

General discussion on HSTS

Joe
- Is there any risk to hsts in terms of availability
Serg
- not really
- I'll enable [lists more things]

Serg
- All okay?

Ethan
- As long as the html gets shipped out, I'm okay with whatever.

Serg
- are the notes on the website
Ethan
- no link, but they're there.

Joe
- Put these on the website:
- Mailing List Link
- Meeting Minutes
- Links to social media

Ethan discusses styling (LESS preprocessor, color scheme)
Serg
- Where did this hamster come from?
Joe
- Tells the story of the hamster logo

Should we change the logo

vote: yes

Ethan brings up MIT's logo
Joe: We should colab with MIT's club

Ryan
- Keep the hamster mascot

Joe
- Let's move on to important things
- We need to plan the first 5 meetings or so
[Joe didn't say it yet but we'll plan clubfair too]
{Hector will bring this up later}

Serg
- Where to host the club meetings this year

Joe
- Somewhere in GCCIS?

Ethan
- First meeting will be huge

Joe
- Do meeting1 in the innovation center
Serg
- where is that
Ethan
- the Toilet bowl

Serg
- First meeting when?

Serg
- Ethan, enable multifactor on Cloudflare

[Searching for ads on WhenToMeet - Where are they?]

More discussion on how to reserve the toilet bowl

Lots of discussion on what room to reserve

Hector
- Be aware of the Tiger Activites Gala (Clubfair)

> First meeting in Simone Center, Aug 29th
> room 2690 in Golisano, Wednesdays, 7->8PM?
> last meeting Dec5th

Hector
- Clubfair?

General Discussion

Club Fair Aug25th
Serg registered us for it
Who to take Point?
- Dan for point man for that?
- Jack? (treasurer last year)

Joe's phone falls down again

Hector volunteers as point man for club fair if all else fails

Joe
- Let's talk about hack nights later
- Somebody needs to manage posting on Facebook, etc.
Ryan volunteers for social media manager

Serg
- Email lists
Joe
- Eblaster last year is willing to continue
Hector
- He stopped after semester1 last year
Joe
- Talked to him end of 2, said he would continue
Hector
- I thought that was my main role as public relations guy

Serg
- Send via OWA account (btc@rit.edu)

Mailing list is currently handled through mailChimp
Serg will manually add new members to the mailing list

Joe
- First meeting?
- Each of us should do a presentation
[agreement by crowd]

[sign-in system on the website]

First Meeting plan
- What's new in BTC?
- How the Club Works
- What various currencies are
- How blockchain and decentralized things work, what they are
- eBoard Intros

Ethan
- Volunteers to run that powerpoint/intro etc.

Club = Non-denominational.
Let's avoid any BTC/BCH Politics.

Hector
- I'd like to run a decentralized interest group under SparC3
- Bridge between ourselves and the cybersecurity crowd at RIT
- Not specificaly Blockchain

[Agreement of crowd]

Serg
- Why not make it our interest group
- colaborative interest group?

Discussion
- Formally it will be under SparC3 as of now
- If we want to colab we'll have to talk to SparC3
- We can still endorse and associate with the group
- Hell, most of us will become members of it.

joe
- we need posters
- Let's vote on some designs and go with them

Ryan
- Can I bring up the constitution
- Un-updated version in our github
- I believe we need to have this

Hector/Sergio
- It's submitted
- Not a top priority
- let's aim for semester2 this year

Ryan
- I'll brush it up and bring it in
[Crowd: agreement]

Joe
- First meeting?

Ethan
- I'll take lead, I'd like ya'll to be up front with me

Serg
- Any other topics?

Hector
- How's BrickCoin

Group
- Lol
- A group project would be a good idea tho

Ethan
- destler-doubloons.com

Hector
- that 1mil capmaign

"They Want Money" - Ryan; "Don't we All" - Serg

We need a parking structure

discussion devolves into off topic RIT

meeting officially ends

